# Startup-Success-Analysis-data-mining-machine-learning-
AirBnB, Amazon, Facebook, Uber... Startups solve our problems, improve our lives, and even transform our societies. Founders of successful startups like Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, and Elon Musk have become household names. Have you ever wondered how to build a successful startup yourself? Do you know why some startups succeed and why others fail? This analysis is designed to extract valuable insights from a startup dataset (https://www.kaggle.com/ajaygorkar/startup-analysis) by using various data mining tactics.

The goal of this analysis is to help entrepreneurs understand when, where, and how to attract investment and achieve success. Specially, I analyzed (1) the status of the startups; (2) the sartup ecosystems around the world; (3) the economic environment from 1997 to 2013; (4) who were the founders and co-founders of the startups (e.g., major in college, higherst degree, skills); (5) what factors impacted the amount of funding received by startups; (6) what factors affected their status of success or failure. I also conducted a principle component analysis of the skills of the founders & co-founders and generated a multiple linear regression model to test the relaionship between a number of characteristics of the founders & co-founders and the amount of investment they attracted. Finally, I trained a logistic regression model to help us predict startup success based on the skill sets of their founders and co-founders.
